[Music]
Hello my dearest Lovers of the
heart How are you? I hope you're having
a wonderful day and well,
remember that you can subscribe to the
Channel completely free and also
thank you because we are growing in
an incredible way, I mean,
this is really becoming my
main channel, I've said it in other videos
and I don't care, eh, I mean, the truth is
that I am very happy with you, I
am very comfortable, you give me a lot of
love, you steal a lot from me and well, as I
said, okay, subscribe, it's completely
free you have a button next to the
Channel look here we have Kiko
Rivera's channel Here you have the
subscribe button but doing it with mine is okay,
from your mobile, you find your way
but it's the same, okay, subscribe I want to
blow up, I want to blow up this channel this year
and that we finish the year I see it
difficult, we are going to be there, there but that we
finish the year with 100,000
subscribers and finish 2022 with the
plaque of 100,000 of this channel, which would be
my third plaque, it would be brutal  it
would be brutal family and well to tell you
a little bit about the latest news on Kiko
Rivera but not about the stroke because
the truth is that about the litsu issue well there is
no other option he is recovering at the
moment there is no news and that is good
that there is no news it is a good sign
because everything is returning to its course he has to be
recovering and Well
only to criticize the attitude of some
journalists who are going to the
door of Kiko Rivera's house to
comment I am going to tell you a little bit about what
Kiko Rivera is doing
today and what he is doing and I am
also going to tell you about a
judicial setback in which he just paid he just
lost a fortune okay This headline
is wrong here they made a mistake and they did not
do the calculations well it says Kiko Rivera
loses in court and must pay
150,000 euros 150,000 euros are not But
well now I will tell you the first thing I
wanted to comment is that it makes me very sad It is that
this kid really
this kid does not have notes focused or
rather I see that  even at his age he's
not focused and I
say this without meaning to offend because I
don't dislike the kid and I think he's nice and
funny And all that but I don't see it I
don't see him in tune his head is sitting in
tune with where it should be okay I mean
because he
's already Family Guy he's at a certain age and
that doesn't mean you can't continue doing what
you like singing
making video games
dedicating yourself to Twitch doing whatever you want
DJ concert whatever you want okay
But let's see you do things that aren't
normal if you have your music channel
that's not bad to me really I
tell you this without meaning to mock or laugh or
anything like that But there are some
songs by Kiko Rivera that I know are
full of autotune and I know that in
reality he sings terribly and all that is
okay But there are some songs that are really
catchy they are catchy and they make you
move your hips a little bit I mean
things as they are they have their rhythm to me this
song is from a fairy tale I
think it's beautiful I don't dislike it okay
here he is with Henry men and such I mean it has
his music channel Well, the kid has been
wanting to be a YouTuber for five or six years, he really
wants to be a YouTuber
and he does things that I don't
understand on the channel, okay, you have a
verified music channel Look, the
artist's official channel, you have a
verified channel for music
What are you doing uploading FIFA games here
with 700 views that you're ruining the
channel
I really do something that I do
n't understand on this other channel but the
fact is that he's done it on many
occasions, I mean, he's done some very
strange things because on other occasions he's
taken Ah, he's made a channel
to start uploading interviews, he's
asked Rosario for interviews here like
Matamoros there I Juan to a lot of
people who have gotten them because they're
Kiko Rivera okay Because anyone else
asks him for an interview about some of this and maybe he wo
n't give it to you But oh well, because it's
Kiko Rivera, don't tell him not to come with
his new project Boom then he
deleted all the interviews and the
following month he created another
new channel and he started receiving them again, he no longer
has the views and no longer  being
positioned then again he has
dedicated himself to Twitch he asked eBay to
put him in the London series then he did
n't play then they put him in I don't know
where he didn't play either and now he's here on
the Music Channel uploading like a
series of FIFA games with 29
views Look he uploaded a video 15
minutes ago with 600 views here 19 hours ago
dude Don't do this and There's also
something that Kiko Rivera and I say this with
all due respect in the world also not
like always because as I tell you I have
nothing against him and this is not
negative politics or anything like that but
there are people who
want to be a youtuber you know because he sees it and
these people and he will have said Hey well I
'm Kiko Rivera I'm already known and such
I want to be a youtuber and I'm going to be a
youtuber I mean I sit here and play
Fifa I don't know what but it's just that he really
has no charisma playing video games he
doesn't bring you quality content and you've been
trying to be a youtuber for five years
dude let's see Kiko Rivera
works Talking about his family you
you want to be a youtuber very well I tell him the
same thing I told Antonio David your
content has to be about what you
live what you do gossip okay
look at Antonio David's channel
the channel so much David that is good what he
wants Good afternoon everyone They want to
put other types of content and so on it's
perfect but 20,000 visits 9,000
visits 20,000 visits okay or 7,000 no no
no when this man was
having 300 400,000 visits per video
you have to go dismantling the docuseries every week
commenting on things what the
content that we make
he has to do it and it eats up our shower But
well you will see each one does what they want
of course but I think that
each one has to assimilate what they
do and what they are for Ok and Kiko
Rivera well my God You are for the
heart and maybe he starts to do
heart and neither But well Kiko Rivera
has lost the courts and is
condemned to pay the costs first he
filed a lawsuit against one of the  mellis which I
think is also
nonsense the lawsuit that was filed
filed a lawsuit against one of the twins
because she said that Kiko made advances on her while
he was already with Irene Rosales okay that
has happened to me many times but
then you talk to the lawyer they assume
the risks I don't know what it's not worth
sending for that's why for you to file a
lawsuit there has to be something heavier
something stronger than accusing you of assaulting accusing
you of mistreating you know but
accusing you of having her the
three of you one day in one I don't know you know it was
a very vague thing and on top of that asking for
150,000 let's see what you ask for in a
lawsuit then that affects what you have to
pay when we lose
So he doesn't have to pay
150,000 he will have to pay well I calculate
that he will have to pay around 30,000 more or
less around 30,000 let's see Kiko won in the
first instance in the first instance he
won I don't know how much
the woman was sentenced to  150,000
to 150,000 for sure it's not that it doesn't
say that he won it that he won it in the first
instance okay then in the
provincial court he loses it he appeals it and
now he has lost it and now being in the
supreme court then the costs add up and that's what I'm
telling you if he had lost a
first instance I would say that we would
be talking about
20-30,000 but if we are talking about
that it is already in the supreme court then the costs
add up and maybe he has to pay him
easily 40,000 bucks or you see
that on top of that you file a lawsuit
now you have to pay them
40,000 bucks no the lawsuits you have to
think very carefully about who to file it against and that they
have weight and with the intention that
the and what you want to achieve No I
am always the first to talk things over
and try to resolve things in
another way because I also think that the
courts should not be saturated with
these things no I mean like all the
time they are using  the judges,
the prosecutors and the judicial system
in Kiko Rivera because the other one
told you I don't know what time
a person is wasting who has a
serious case and is waiting for them to listen to him and for there to be a
trial but anyway
family I'll be reading I send you a
huge hug and I'll see you in the
next video bye bye
[Music]